Дьякова Алина 16.03.25
Academic Skills Unit 5 Free trade and fair trade.

Ex. 4
1. One certain result of China’s greater economic power is that Chinese language will be taught in schools all over the world. However, it is likely that this will happen in the near future.
2. An increased demand for fresh water will probably result in the greater use of desalination plants. It is also certain that the cost of tap water will go up.
3. It is clear that the world’s population is increasing. An increasing population will likely lead to an increasing demand for food.

Ex. 5
1. Phrase expressing caution: it would seem 
2. Phrase indicating generalization: As globalization increases, the differences between countries disappear.

Ex. 6
It would appear, however, that the number of people choosing to visit more remote locations is growing too rapidly, and social scientists believe that this increase could/may have a negative impact on these locations. They say it is likely that with a rising number of visitors, there will be a rise in the demand for familiar food and in the expectation that local people will speak English. These demands could/may result in the destruction of the very things which made the destination different from ordinary tourist destinations.

Active Grammar 2 Unit 12 Possibility and Certainty in the Present and Future.

My Turn, My Test p.55
1. I may leave home.
2. I may continue studying.
3. I will have a job.
4. I might have a bank account.
5. I may be married.
6. I will still live with my parents.
7. I could have my own car.
8. I may travel.
9. I won't change my mind.
10. I may not move abroad.

1. It could be months before the building is finished.
2. I’ll ask Ted. He may know the answer.
3. I don’t know if I’m going shopping next weekend. I might not have enough money.
4. A: Who’s that in the house? B: It can’t be Gemma, she’s still in the States.
5. She’s worked for the company for years. She must be nearly old enough to retire.



