Дьякова Алина 18.03.25
Posobie Pavlova, Shimchuk. Speaking Asking a favour.
Preparation Task
Have you got a minute?
I need a favour.
What can I help you with?
I'm really sorry about this, but…
Would you be able to work this afternoon?
I'm not really sure if I can.
Is there any chance you could work late?
I would if I could, but I can't.

Task 1. Make the sentences interrogative and give a short answer.
1. Is Paul relaxing, having a break from work?
   - Yes, he is.  
2. Did Paul enjoy the Active Arctic project?
   - Yes, he did.  
3. Does Noelia want Paul to do more work on the Active Arctic project? 
   - Yes, she does.  
4. Does Paul have another project to finish urgently?
   - Yes, he does.  
5. Has Paul arranged to take his daughter to the cinema?
   - Yes, he has.  
6. Does Paul want to be paid for the extra work?  
   - Yes, he does.  

Task 2. Complete the dialogue.
Noelia: Paul, have you got a (1) minute?
(2) I need a favour.
Paul: I’m a bit busy, but sure, what can I (3) help you with?
Noelia: So, you know the branding job for Active Arctic?
Paul: Yes?
Noelia: Yeah, so … look, I’m really (4) sorry about this, but they want some more changes made.
Paul: Seriously? I’ve already rewritten that copy, I don’t know, like, 20 times?
Noelia: I know. I’m so sorry. Would you be (5) able to work on it this afternoon?
Paul: Well, I’m not really (6) sure if I (7) can, Noelia.
Noelia: Is there any (8) chance you could work late tonight?
Paul: Sorry, Noelia. I (9) would if I (10) could, but I can’t.

